The source files in this distribution are 
Copyright (C) 2000-2002 Peter Behroozi and are 
licensed for use under the same terms as Perl itself.

CGI::SecureState

NOTE: If you are upgrading from the 0.2x series, you must read the documentation
or risk fire, disaster, or sudden death from upper management as they cremate you
when all your scripts have nasty warnings at the top.  Maybe they are a little more
relaxed, but I highly doubt it.


CGI::SecureState was written to resemble CGI::Persistent as closely as
possible.  To install CGI::SecureState, all you should have to do is the
standard

% perl Makefile.PL
% make
% make install

Then test the installation:

% make test

and everything should work.

This assumes that you have the following:
Long file names (at least 27 chars): needed to ensure remote ticket
	authenticity.

Crypt::Blowfish: it couldn't be called "Secure" without.  At some point in
	the future (as better algorithms become available), this
	requirement may be changed.  Tested with versions 2.06, 2.09.

Digest::SHA1: for super-strong (160 bit) hashing of data.  It is used in
	key generation and filename generation.  Tested with versions 1.03, 
        2.01.

CGI: it couldn't be called "CGI" without.  Should not be a problem as it
	comes standard with Perl 5.004 and above.  Tested with versions
	2.56, 2.74, 2.79.

Fcntl:  for file flags that are portable (like LOCK_SH and SEEK_SET).  Comes
	with Perl.  Tested with version 1.03.

File::Spec: for concatenating directories and filenames in a portable way.
	Comes with Perl.  Tested with version 0.82.

Perl: Hmmm.  Tested with v5.6.[01].  This module has NOT been tested with
	5.005 or below.  Use at your own risk.  There may be several bugs
	induced by lower versions of Perl, a few of which may
	include: failure to compile, failure to run, or the mysterious
	absence of your favorite pair of lemming slippers.  The author is
	exempt from wrongdoing and liability in case you decide to use
	CGI::SecureState with a version of Perl less than 5.6.0.
